it has been known that 89 with one more video
and today I bring you this super
which is one of the most complicated in
get and that is called the last
second for 25 is that it is deactivating a
new pump in the last three seconds
and the truth is that as I was saying
Although it is for 25 g
that I still believe that I am very little
reward that we get to get
this achievement is that this achievement is not
just skill how are you going to
to be able to get you also need to
a lot of help within the game already
as more players are within
the game becomes a little more
can not get it here if
you noticed at the beginning we were
only six players in the game
you from my side and three from the team
opposite so in this case it is one
of the tips is one of the information
useful that can help you to get
this achievement when you start your game
good check how many players
you found to have for more or less
give you an idea of ​​how you can go in the
game in addition this is an achievement that
you also have to say it you have to
have some luck to be able to
get I was dealing with more
so many characters what I can do to them
to say and what I can recommend
it's those characters with whom I
more was a little better and where my
attempts were very very close to
take me to achieve this achievement in
previous games here this gameplay
is where I got the achievement out there
in the game I got it from the
start but for practical purposes the
video I put it to the end so that
they saw how we got it and be
explaining how the achievement was achieved
then of all the characters with the
that I was testing was the scientist
the altar was also out there
the engineer also tried it and the
side of the plants only what
try what the sunflower is because
of good the scientist was I
using because he has already see the station
with special mobility have the
curative season so good not what
I can expose once you 're in
that trying to deactivate the pump what
you can put or graditos and I can be you
regenerating life together with help
that you could give all your companions
of equipment not to be is also by the
simple reason that by having two
barriers that you can then put
around you because they also protect you
a little bit more in my case those two
skills I have already unlocked
an ability that is a little bit more
powerful in the case of extraction
curative and in the case of barriers
that last a little longer and the other gives you
a little more life and it's harder
to destroy in the part of what is the
plant is also a situation
similar because you can put a good
The little healing plant
so that you are regenerating a little bit
life another of the important things
that you must keep in mind to be able to
get this achievement is that once you
the pump is planted because you must
approach what is the new a plane
bomb to the base where it is out there and
give a scouteo to all your area of the
bomb to see so many enemies
you have fences and can disable it
true there if they are fixed is disabled
but well we could not get there and we
they exploded out there stela we exploited them
the little bomb and this game I think that
there we won it here comes one
failed attempts where is
the second useful information so that
you can get this achievement must be from
zack start deactivating more or less
when you have about six or
seven seconds you have to play a
with an offensive strategy for
can try to get that achievement there
we see that I approach there are not many
enemies throw what they are
the zombie cloud killed an enemy that
is around nearby I avoid what is the
rich tie and there our partner dies
helped me there I start to deactivate the
bomb but I realize I was very
fast and I stop it off but
well here is where it intervenes in the
luck does not come the other enemies to
kill me then the idea of kids is
that at the time you have seven
seconds and this is where they will see it
already when I got it is that they start
deactivate the pump remember that
when you are deactivating you can
you also help yourself so that
are being shot by enemies
opposites now well here is also
they are going to give an account of what I was saying
they needed a little bit of luck
to deactivate it and now kids like that is
how to get I leave you with the part
end of the video hand above if it is
you liked it at 1,080 euros it says goodbye
the next